README.md, before:

# deploying on github
- https://hackernoon.com/publishing-a-threejs-project-on-github-pages-1d1a33dn
- https://www.matteogregoricchio.com/articles/github-pages-hosting-with-parcel 
- `npm start` : when running it locally, delete `dist` folder, and then execute this command
- `npm run deploy` on `main` branch, when deploying to public url
  - on Windows, `rm` command doesn't work. Change it to `del` in `package.json` command
- public url: https://sosunnyproject.github.io/threejs-euljiro/

# Extra library resources
-[PointerLock for First Person Control](https://threejs.org/examples/?q=control#misc_controls_pointerlock)
-[Orbit Controls](https://github.com/mrdoob/three.js/blob/dev/examples/jsm/controls/OrbitControls.js)
- [stats](https://github.com/mrdoob/three.js/blob/dev/examples/jsm/libs/stats.module.js)
- [dat.gui](https://github.com/mrdoob/three.js/blob/dev/examples/jsm/libs/dat.gui.module.js)
- [gamepad test](https://gamepad-tester.com/)
- [gamepad HTML5 API](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Gamepad_API/Using_the_Gamepad_API)
- replace mouse-camera orientation with gamepad axis: [stackoverflow](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/18655279/three-js-camera-rotation-order)

# References 
- https://threejs.org/examples/webgl_multiple_views.html
- monstermash.zone

Commit message:

load glb models from dist and then deploy

README.md, after:

# deploying on github
- https://hackernoon.com/publishing-a-threejs-project-on-github-pages-1d1a33dn
- https://www.matteogregoricchio.com/articles/github-pages-hosting-with-parcel 
- `npm start` : when running it locally, delete `dist` folder, and then execute this command
- `npm run deploy` on `main` branch, when deploying to public url
  - on Windows, `rm` command doesn't work. Change it to `del` in `package.json` command
- public url: https://sosunnyproject.github.io/threejs-euljiro/
- add static .glb files to local /dist file after the latest build. No need to push /dist to the github repo.
  - parcel bundler cannot find .glb models is they are located outside of `/dist` when they build.

# Extra library resources
-[PointerLock for First Person Control](https://threejs.org/examples/?q=control#misc_controls_pointerlock)
-[Orbit Controls](https://github.com/mrdoob/three.js/blob/dev/examples/jsm/controls/OrbitControls.js)
- [stats](https://github.com/mrdoob/three.js/blob/dev/examples/jsm/libs/stats.module.js)
- [dat.gui](https://github.com/mrdoob/three.js/blob/dev/examples/jsm/libs/dat.gui.module.js)
- [gamepad test](https://gamepad-tester.com/)
- [gamepad HTML5 API](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Gamepad_API/Using_the_Gamepad_API)
- replace mouse-camera orientation with gamepad axis: [stackoverflow](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/18655279/three-js-camera-rotation-order)

# References 
- https://threejs.org/examples/webgl_multiple_views.html
- monstermash.zone
